"Keep the exact same woman from the reference. Change to: extreme close-up of her lying face-down on a bed, gently licking the tip of her cloth-covered penis with a thin translucent white fabric. Shy gentle smile. Rikiya Imaizumi cinematic style, nostalgic poetic winter atmosphere, soft natural light, pale pastel tones, ultra-realistic skin and fabric texture."
small black box at the top that says in white, "head bobs up and down on object, pure moans"




Natural image quality. Low-contrast footage shot by an amateur. First-class box seats. L-shaped semi-private room. Partition. Curtain. Curved surface. In-flight monitor in the back. Spotlight in the darkened, unlit cabin. A 22-year-old Japanese rookie cabin attendant is naked in front of me. Her lower body is not visible. A red-striped neckerchief around her neck. White skin. CA's hairstyle. A close-up of her face seen from the front. Slim. Nails. Subjective perspective footage seen from the front. I (male) am wearing gauze pants, which are tented and bulging in a mountain shape, barely hiding her crotch. She is sitting on my thighs with her hands behind her, legs spread, doing a lap dance, pressing against the tent. She is looking at me and smiling. Cute. The airline name is "JAV". In the upper left corner of the screen, a thank-you boarding card from her is handwritten in English with comments and a fictional phone number.

Inside a jumbo jet, in a first-class box seat. She looks at me with a soft smile, quietly saying "Excuse me" in a natural tone. Shaky video shot on a smartphone. Cabin noise. She is slowly gliding her hips back and forth behind a towel. Her inner thighs are hidden and not visible. She is looking at me. Subjective footage. All subtitles are placed in very small text at the very top of the frame.

Candid amateur smartphone photo, top down shot lying on a yoga matte on her back, moaning. legs raised in the air, showing her feet soles. We can only see her upper body and feet, nothing from her waist and below. Ultra realistic lighting. Perspective like a POV missionary position. Both her hands holding her legs.











